examples/cloud-armor/README.md, before:

# Example usage

This example deploys Cloud Armor to ensure requests to the default backend are coming from GitHub Webhooks.

Since IAP is enabled, two backend services will be created:

- atlantis: the backend to receive GitHub events, protected with Cloud Armor
- atlantis-iap: the backend to serve the Atlantis UI, protected with IAP

Read through the below before you deploy this module.

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [How to deploy](#how-to-deploy)
- [After it's successfully deployed](#after-its-successfully-deployed)

## Prerequisites

This module expects that you already own or create the below resources yourself.

- Google network, subnetwork and a Cloud NAT
- Service account, [specifics can be found here](../../README.md#service-account)
- Domain, [specifics can be found here](../../README.md#dns-record)

If you prefer an example that includes the above resources, see [`complete example`](https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/atlantis-on-gcp-vm/tree/master/examples/complete).

## How to deploy

See [`main.tf`](https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/atlantis-on-gcp-vm/tree/master/examples/cloud-armor/main.tf) and the [`server-atlantis.yaml`](https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/atlantis-on-gcp-vm/tree/master/examples/cloud-armor/server-atlantis.yaml).

## After it's successfully deployed

Once you're done, see [Configuring Webhooks for Atlantis](https://www.runatlantis.io/docs/configuring-webhooks.html#configuring-webhooks)

Commit message:

Adding security policy variable for IAP backend

examples/cloud-armor/README.md, after:

# Example usage

This example deploys Cloud Armor to ensure requests to the default backend are coming from GitHub Webhooks, and adds another policy to restrict access to the IAP backend to an example CIDR.

Since IAP is enabled, two backend services will be created:

- atlantis: the backend to receive GitHub events, protected with Cloud Armor
- atlantis-iap: the backend to serve the Atlantis UI, protected with IAP

Read through the below before you deploy this module.

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [How to deploy](#how-to-deploy)
- [After it's successfully deployed](#after-its-successfully-deployed)

## Prerequisites

This module expects that you already own or create the below resources yourself.

- Google network, subnetwork and a Cloud NAT
- Service account, [specifics can be found here](../../README.md#service-account)
- Domain, [specifics can be found here](../../README.md#dns-record)

If you prefer an example that includes the above resources, see [`complete example`](https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/atlantis-on-gcp-vm/tree/master/examples/complete).

## How to deploy

See [`main.tf`](https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/atlantis-on-gcp-vm/tree/master/examples/cloud-armor/main.tf) and the [`server-atlantis.yaml`](https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/atlantis-on-gcp-vm/tree/master/examples/cloud-armor/server-atlantis.yaml).

## After it's successfully deployed

Once you're done, see [Configuring Webhooks for Atlantis](https://www.runatlantis.io/docs/configuring-webhooks.html#configuring-webhooks)
